From Ducks And Drakes (Mother Goose rhyme):
From Bat, Bat (Mother Goose rhyme):
From "As the Chairman of the Committee / How Beautiful / Never Was There a Girl So Fair / Some Girls Can Bake a Pie" from "As the Chairman of the Committee / How Beautiful / Never Was There a Girl So Fair / Some Girls Can Bake a Pie Lyrics - Of Thee I Sing musical":
She takes the cake -
From "To Life" from "To Life Lyrics - Fiddler on the Roof musical":
Don't that take the cake
At the church social bake,
From "On the Good Ship Lollipop" from "On the Good Ship Lollipop Lyrics - A Day in Hollywood / A Night in the Ukraine musical":
See the sugar bowl do the tootsie roll
With the big bad devil's food cake.
And the people haven't any bread;
And they sent me a ticket
But I guess I missed the plane
Is it the baker who gave you a cake
Is it the butcher who brought you a steak
We ask them for bread and get ?let them eat cake?
when it comes to brains I take the cake
But before they get me , my life I'll take
And the maid comes in with coffee and cake
is just icing on the cake,
there is nothing like dancing,
Watchin' the sun bake
And when you stand before the candles on a cake
Oh, let me be the one to hear the silent wish you make
There's no bread, let them eat cake
There's no end to what they'll take
In the wedding cake?
I want to be the girl with the most cake
Shake your money maker until the night break up
I light the candles and I cut the cake
I put my face down in the cake
What's up? They all want the cake
Baby Cham and Foxy Brown, ah we take the cake
Drop a bomb on them now it's like a earthquake
He was the one afraid to cut the cake
Well did he leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake
DJ, clean the pattan, grab a broom, hol the rake
But I wake, mountains pop out of the cake
We get a bit of the good life, a piece of the cake
And enough of the hard times to keep us awake.
After Canada the USA's a piece of cake
All the sales records I'll break
He's just sittin in the cut waitin for a mistake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
Don't say the doctor never warned you about the side effects of what you take
Want a big piece of the cake
If you look out of the window
Is sweeter than the cake
(the boys who have no mother sweet)
No one to show them their mistake
Back the cake,
this dessert, takes the cake,
When there was a challenge to take
When there was still one piece of cake
when it comes to brains I take the cake
It's more than just the money that's at stake.
That's nice, but it's just icing on the cake.
I'll take the dish I please,
please the dish I take
I thought the world was sugar cake
From "What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life?" by Barbra Streisand:
before the candles on a cake
Oh let me be the one to hear
the silent wish you make
>From the ginseng root
Dre get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake
Did you leave your pretty fingers flying in the wedding cake?
About the time the couple cut the cake
and janey's fingers were in the cake
While blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
Staying up all night to watch the morning break
Blow out the candles on the cake
some swim in the ocean
some paddle in the lake
At the president's ball what a big mistake
Poor old papa carved the turkey and little sister cut the cake
Now it's time to light another candle on the cake
You could be surprised to see the sort of things that she can bake
It all comes with the wedding cake
But you take the cake
You could charm the diamonds
And when she lights the candles
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
I'm the one that get the cake
I'm the one that isn't fake
The streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake
I swear it ain't been the same ever since I got cake
Every dollar I can make, I'm a get it 'til the day of my wake
That's the chance you've got to take
in the wedding cake?
Shake your money maker, Till the night break up
Yeah I VV'd the stones, dog I'm into cake
I been an ape, diamonds in the dinner plate
You like the frosting, you just bought the cake
My momma's in the kitchen (kitchen)
Wit' the Shake 'n Bake
Magoo got on the stockin' cap
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
Makes me realize the fact you're gone for good for goodness sake.
Now they're out in the woods eating ice-cream and cake
About the time the couple cut the cake
But we played as long as they stayed
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
Don't take much for the Earth to quake
Carved our initials on top of the cake
The heart and the arrow - the rattle and the snake
I'm the candles on you're cake
And if you're Eva then I'm the snake
when do i jump out of the cake
and when the boys came over from texas
they said "we'll take everything we can take..."
Can I have another piece of chocolate cake?
Can I buy another cheap Picasso fake?
Why is a brother up North better than Jordan
You know a brother bond is hard to break
Janey's fingers were in the cake
You would probably try to take, the same trip that I take
but i never saw the way
the orange slayed the rake
From "To the End" by My Chemical Romance:
I'll forget all the diamonds you ate.
Increase the medication.
Share the vows at the wake.
Claiming the got backs but they never share their cake
Talking 'bout sharing but all they do is take
And a piece of the wedding cake
to get the money the MONEY the MONEY the MONEY the CAKE
4-fizzy, I'm in the loop wit Biggie, piece of fruit CAKE
They don't want no problems watch they boots SHAKE
From "Spirit in the Night" by Manfred Mann's Earth Band:
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
Did you leave your pretty fingers lying in the wedding cake?
Just icing on the cake
Is the shake.
Here comes the snake
He lost his slice of the eternal cake
Well, God's in His Heaven and He's on the take
The girl in the cake
As we keep you wired, so up the stakes, cut the cake
Regulate, we delegate and dead they take
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
Only got 23 days and then wake up
and then eat it too.
straight to the hood to see some new cake
I gotta stay awake when I hold the cake
'cause the grim reaper looking for a soul to take
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Those who fake, they break,
When they meet their 400 pound mate
Where you said put the cake
How you fed me the grapes
What I did with the ice that made you shake, shake
Now when the night's over and the girl is gone
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
You may be slower on the uptake
The last one still burns, there's a wish I can make
She don't care how the sweets taste
Well, she go to see the baker when she wants a cake
She go to see the butcher when she wants a steak
Traveling and stacking the cake
Man, this really takes the cake
What I'm trying to say is I like the way
Cutting the cake
It got so heavy thought the ground would shake
see the sugar bowl do a tootsi roll and the bad devils food cake
Seperate good from the bad and fake
If you not then skate
I want the whole of the cake
For the birthday cake
Pick up the dirt off the concrete and shake up
Later tonight we'll head down to the Last Stand, split up the take.
Catch them a duck, they want everything that he make
Well, here come the Martians
What kind of flavor do these Martians make.
but the something on the side is what takes the cake
and the surplus of uppers and apparitions
are the only things that keep me up
These limitations that burden me must be the icing on your cake
To much icind on the cake
But your kiss is sweeter than the cake
slippin' through the layers of illusion that you bake
I'm selfish got to have the pie and the whole cake
Working non-stop no breaks for the house on the lake
rising up out of the lake
I'm craving the taste of the cake
Where you goin'? Where I'm goin? Finna get the cake!/
Last week, I swear to god, I made the street break
Ate up all of the wedding cake, Uh-huh.
Baby don't stop, take it to the top
First they brought in tay and cake
Antagonizing pressure is the icing on the cake
Up with the monkeys, I sure love the monkeys
His friends assembled at the wake.
All the world is birthday cake
Tryin' to stay real in the industry that's fake
Not to mention the hideaway that rests by the lake
Consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake
'cause wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
You can't get a slice if you don't bake the cake
Ask them to scratch a record, you will see he fake
That itself makes a brother wanna break
But bein an entertainer puts the icin on the cake
The money we make, the hookers we take
So just cut the stupid cake
But this one takes the cake
if they don't, then just break 'em off, they gotta bake
makes you humble for the pot, I know he's accustomed to the cake
And when they told your wife Marie
If now I didn't make a point- there is no point to make
In the trails the aeroplanes make
(You are just the icing to put on my cake)
From "Take a Tiger By the Tail" by Eddy Arnold:
We must watch the stuff you make
You have let us eat the cake
send her to the money she be back before i wake up
Send her to the money she be back before I wake up
I hid in the bush when the lead I did take
That's on the C, DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
From "In the Cool, Cool, Cool of the Evening" by Bette Midler:
And they're resurrecting Churchill
Blood the colour rain that grew our wicked harvest
Black the colour icing on our cake
Buy by the time we made it up to greasy lake
i had my head out the window
and janey's fingers were in the cake
From "I'd Rather Ride Around With You" by Reba McEntire:
The length of the dress
The layers on the cake
Oh one of these days I might get married too
I could be on your shelf, could be the risk you take.
I could be on your shelf, could be the bread you bake.
Better think about the wish I make
And bake them all in a pie
Then blow out the candles, and have a piece of cake!
Then I went to the freezer thought I'd cook me a steak
Cause the only food they sell there
'Cause the recipe you're making
And the crumbs they're selling after
Much more than just the money he can make
Come with the wedding cake
Comes with the wedding cake
when the bones in ya' pelvis break.
You know the measure of a man is much more
Than just the money he can make
Joy and tears come with the wedding cake.
It all comes with the wedding cake...
I eat it up and take the cake
My god sister's gettin' married by the lake,
I had to leave before they even cut the cake.
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
The next to come were the Duck and Drake,
Who ate every crumb of the wedding cake.
Cuz wit whipped cream on em, they taste just like cake
The beach front estate, mega yacht by the lake
The safe in the floor with a life time of cake
Just the sweet watermelon and the buckwheat cake
Marie said "Just let them eat cake"
And bake them all in a pie
From "Matthew And Son" by Cat Stevens:
I will be the file in the cake
we sold out in any store in the US
Ma, I made the mistake, you gave me a break
I got locked by the jake, you was right I had to take the whole cake
The unity bond is broken and the loyalty songs are fake
I'll screw my only brother for even a glimpse at a piece of the cake
From "Another galaxy" by Paul Simon:
She drove across the border
Leaving all the yellow roses on her wedding cake
Her mother's tears, her breakfast order
People do what they do, how much can they take
They just get the news and the ones in power always get the cake
Thinking about you is the icing on the cake.
It's time to get wise, rise, and cut the cake
If the sun should get too hot
It's gonna melt the icing on our cake
Triple beam wit da lean, the man wit da cake
And going with the flow
Of the creamy flavoured soft and meltin'
From "Saline the Salt Lake Queen" by Rasputina:
there lived a little girl who loved to bake.
By the time we made it up to Greasy Lake
My head was out the window
Janey's fingers were in the cake
i grind hard from the second i awake
You're just like the others, fickle and fake
If you bring enough for them, you can have your cake
From "Spirit in the Night" by Manfred Mann's Earth Band:
By the time we made it up to Greasy Lake
I had my head out the window
And Janey's fingers were in the cake
Do you see the key in my hand?
I'm gonna throw it in the lake
You take the cake.
Picnics on beaches and punts on the lake
Baby don't stop, take it to the top, eat it like a piece of cake
She's gonna run the table, if you let her break
She might pop out of the top of a birthday cake
You know, the measure of a man
Is much more than just the money he can make
Come with the wedding cake.
I moved to the land of sand and ill earthquakes
I didn't know this was the place I'd get my piece of the cake
Or the piece of the pie, U-N-I-T-Y
Oh I could throw you in the lake
caught in the middle for it`s too high a stake
I make the whole bed shake like an earthquake
Now the holy macaroni was a million dollar flake
Ended up in folsom but the file was in the cake
Won't feed the birds bread boys, let them eat cake
I say stick together God until y'all cake up
With help from buying all the products they make
That way they get the biggest slice of the cake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Whether we have not or have cake
Crawling out of the woodwork
Are you made or broken by the birthday cake?
My mother never takes a break
Same knife that cuts your throat divides the cake
Well, his friends assembled at the wake,
then pipes and tobacco and brandy punch
Well I found a match and wrote these words on your cake
From "The Other Cheek" by Tanya Stephens:
and the brook valley man dem need a slice a di cake
And boats on the lake
And a red-head freckled face blows out the candles on his birthday cake
Cutting the cake
Yo Shoes Yo Clothes && Even Yo Cake
But your friends are hungry so just cut the stupid cake.
But there’s no sense crying over every mistake
Gave up your lot for a bite of the cake
From "Live At the Tunnel" by Cru:
I keeps the real, separate from the fake
If I kill, yo, I'm doin' so for the cake
My piece of the cake
From "The Anthem" by Lootpack:
But everywhere around the gates people saying that ya fake
And they might get knocked but that's the chances we take
You know it's all for the cake, yeah it's all for the cake
Still, the tests keep getting harder and she needed a break.
That's when the voice began to barter with the promise of cake.
She had completed all the tests and never made a mistake.
She knew it couldn't be much farther.
She could almost taste the cake.
let there be no mistake of the point I'm trying to make
Love burns all and hate takes the cake
I'd built a boat and float on the open lake
And we would sail under the stars eating strawberry cake
And every night they lie awake
Hey producer cut me on the cake
Everyday is a grind, gotta get the cake up
But there's no sense crying
I'm craving the taste of the cake
I shake the jake to get the cake
But she knew all the while 'cause
She'll even beg the sweetness
